Tour improvements (#160)
restatedev/documentation: docs/tour.mdx

To do resilience experiments later on, you can restart the runtime (without losing state) with `docker restart restate_dev`.

Register the services:

> Now, we need to tell Restate where the service runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we need to tell the Restate runtime where the service runs.
```
for consistency, if you chose to pick this suggestion from #159

Author: We once agreed on calling the runtime just "Restate" in the docs.

Two types of Restate services exist:
1. **Keyed service**:
All service invocations are sharded on a user-defined key.
The scope of a key is on a per-service basis.

> Per key there is at most one concurrent invocation at the service level, so across all functions in that service.

Reviewer: Maybe more Layman's terms? like
"Function invocations of keyed services are serialized on the user-defined key. Therefore, at most one function can run at a time on a given key within such service."

I don't know if this is better, but what do you think?

Author: Sounds good!

You can choose the parameter names differently.

As mentioned, for keyed services there can be at most one concurrent invocation at the service level.

> So this means that if there is a call to `hello()`, then a call to `callMe()` will be queued

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So this means that if there is a call to `hello()`, then a call to `callMe()`, then `callMe()` will wait in line until `hello()` has finished, if and only if both were invoked with the same value of `key`.
```
